"gene"	"notes"
"dpiA"	"2CS component, citB. dpiAB CHECK other cit genes"
"nagC"	"Regulator, PTS system, nagBA, CHECK other genes in operon "
"malI"	"maltose PTS repressor, divergent to malXY, CHECK these, https://academic.oup.com/femsle/article/288/2/250/529718, only weak crp activation"
"chbR"	"chitobiose regulator, in big operon, CHECK these other ones"
"hyfR"	"H+, formate transport regulator under low pH, anaerobic, post-exponential, in big operon, CHECK these"
"frlR"	"fructoselysine-6-phosphate regulator, same operon as frlABCD, CHECK frlA"
"ompR"	"response regulator, related to outer membrane osmolarity, in same operon as envZ"
"glpR"	"pseudogene, but regulator of glycerol-3-phosphate regulon, same operon as them"
"yiaJ"	"plaR, regulator for L-ascorbate (vitamin C) utilization, divergent from big operon with these genes CHECK these genes"
"rbsR"	"repressor for ribose catabolism/transport, member of big operon"
"yihW"	"sulfoquinovose repressor, yihV-csqR operon"
"oxyR"	"antioxidant gene regulator, in particular response to H2O2"
"dcuR"	"DcuRS 2CS, C4-dicarboxylate metab, says increase under fumarate/anaerobic, found that dcuR indeed increases under fumarate, but dcuS doesn't change under either, which matches the literature! NOT anaerobic though. Mathces "
"idnR"	"idonate dual regulator, same operon as idnDOT (induces it) but has own promoter"
"uxuR"	"galacturonate, fructuronate repressor "
"dgoR"	"D-galactonate repressor, in big operon, CHECK these ones"
"nadC"	"synthesis of NAD. weak evidence for reg, "
"hpt"	"purine salvage gene, makes IMP, has a paper for its reg by crp/ihfAB"
"mhpC"	"phenylpropionate catab operon. Reg by mhpR CHECK rest of operon"
"mhpF"	"phenylpropionate catab operon. Reg by mhpR CHECK rest of operon"
"ompA"	"outer membrane integrity. Reg by biofilm/ethanol/etc.?"
"ubiG"	"SAM O-methyltransferase for ubiquinone production. has a paper about crp regulation"
"hyfB"	"member of potential [Ni-Fe] hydrogenase. CHECK rest of operon"
"hyfG"	"member of potential [Ni-Fe] hydrogenase. CHECK rest of operon"
"ascF"	"member of PTS, cryptic (protect against toxic beta-glucosides), CHECK ascG and ascB"
"speC"	"constitutive ornithine decarboxylase, ppgpp, crp evidence seems strong?"
"uxaA"	"tagaturonate and galacturonate are inducers"
"kbaZ"	"putative chaperone for kbaY, tagatose, reg by agaR (NAG metab) and crp"
"cysG"	"siroheme formation (useful for nitrate reductases, etc.), in operon with nirBDC but has own promoter. CHECK nirBDC"
"frlB"	"fructoselysine metab, undectectable in cells grown in glucose"
"frlD"	"fructoselysine metab, undectectable in cells grown in glucose"
"glpE"	"positively regulated by CRP, seems confirmed, same operon as glpG and glpR, CHECK glpG. assimilation of thiosulfate independent of CysM"
"ugpQ"	"glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase, induced by phosphate starvation, NOT in unfiltered one-peak, CHECK this one"
"xylB"	"xylose deg, reg by xylR and araC, CHECK xylA"
"sgbH"	"in operon regulated by plaR (yiaJ)"
"gpsA"	"reduces DHAP to glycerol 3-phosphate for phospholipid biosynthesis. constitutively produced. CHECK secB "
"dgoK"	"D-galactonate catabolism, in operon with dgoR, dgoA, etc. CHECK these "
"trxA"	"thioredoxin, ppGpp regulated?"
"ulaB"	"CHECK ulaA and ulaC and ulaR; reg by ulaR, Anaerobic L-ascorbate PTS system, E. coli can use vitamin C as sole source of energy in anaerobic conditions, uses PTS system to ferment it"
"ulaD"	"reg by ulaR, Anaerobic L-ascorbate degradation, E. coli can use vitamin C as sole source of energy in anaerobic conditions, uses PTS system to ferment it"
"ulaE"	"reg by ulaR, Anaerobic L-ascorbate degradation, E. coli can use vitamin C as sole source of energy in anaerobic conditions, uses PTS system to ferment it"
"ulaF"	"reg by ulaR, Anaerobic L-ascorbate degradation, E. coli can use vitamin C as sole source of energy in anaerobic conditions, uses PTS system to ferment it"
"frlC"	"fructoselysine metab, undectectable in cells grown in glucose"
"caiA"	"Carnitine metab when anaerobic, activated by CaiF, CHECK same operon ones"
"fixA"	"Carnitine reduction when anaerobic, activated by CaiF, CHECK same operon ones"
"hofC"	"related to fimbrial assembly CHECK ppdD, hofB"
"ampE"	"not clear function, associated with ampC (non-inducible in E. coli) CHECK ampD (same operon) and ampC (diff operon)"
"yaeQ"	"same operon as nlpE, not sure function, dna recombination maybe"
"arfB"	"same operon as nlpE, ribosome rescue factor for stalled ribosomes"
"nlpE"	"sensor for Cpx 2CS which senses inner membrane stress and responds"
"nagD"	"in same operon as nagC CHECK: nagA, nagB (same operon too). ribonucleoside phosphatase"
"ybfN"	"lipoprotein, unsure function"
"ybiT"	"ABC protein, regulated by ascG CHECK this regulator??"
"sxy"	"crp-sxy coregulator, maybe positively autoregulated (only consensus/gene expression)"
"sohB"	"only consensus sequence reg by crp, maybe a peptidase"
"hicB"	"toxin-antitoxin, hicA, negatively autoregulated CHECK hicA"
"chbA"	"same operon as chbR, component of PTS, CHECK other members"
"chbC"	"same operon as chbR, component of PTS, CHECK other mem bers"
"narQ"	"sensor histidine kinase, CHECK narX, narL, narP"
"fucU"	"fucose mutarotase, in same opeorn as fucose-induced genes CHECK"
"aaeA"	"aromatic carboxylic acid efflux pump, CHECK aaeB and aaeR"
"yhfA"	"no known function, crp is dual regulator"
"hofO"	"similar to hofN"
"hofN"	"poorly expressed, related to transformation genes, required for DNA sole source utilization, not needed for exponential but stationary phase function?"
"envZ"	"sensor histidine kinase of ompR/envZ"
"sgbU"	"in operon regulated by plaR (yiaJ)"
